hello everyone crystal Beauty here today
I am starting another part of toilet
underground you not gave up and so the
first task we get straight into it is to
find three gaps now I know these gaps
pretty well actually
I'll get myself there I wanted to do
them one kind of that does another
because they've actually protections
very easy like that the gap that's a gap
and I've seen up again
no damn it doesn't matter easy thank
those gaps are very easy that this is
actually quite a short mission
I'm yes we're in Moscow now if you know
broken of the walls until convenient
earning mom why are you hanging out here
freezing your ass off
now I perfect so yeah yes you basically
Boskone you in the group area of Moscow
flows okay so this tire is another flat
man Eddie from building which for Pogo
I'm just guessing of these there yeah to
rail I'm so terrible
that I'm guessing all the machine see I
cuz I feel the buttons I can't be weird
and what's happened I think I stuffed it
up somewhere okay here we go
I got two now there we go
easy easy so yeah I quit yeah I like I
liked like once you get into Moscow now
and then promote food or staff actually
Moscow is actually really nice gonna go
for some sort of huge combo if you go
there's another gap here 95,000 not bad
I don't care now where's the next task
is a good task down here kind of a big
task with a corner here won't even call
it a good daf-16 I'll scope Trump get
them now with a only going actually it
will be easy if I just okay circus ie
there why are these reporters bugging
you once I was in the circus no okay so
this task II is just to get see look
basically I think we have to do is you
have to actually just get a combo like
this and you can't do anything moves and
such area that's it if they read that
many reporters watching I'd show you
some tricks too
yeah Oxana it's a bit of a slutty thing
to do young lady
okay view goals and in movies end of it
is completed
what's the deal you've been avoiding me
since you got here we're honest no
wonder cuz you know we can come on man
that's ancient history
we're pros now let's put that behind us
and put on a make a noise I make it is
very easy
very very cost 30,000 point is seen yeah
yeah we're gonna own this contest I'll
see you there
oh yeah justice Lladro so now this tusky
another easy task when you see those
just went him and then you go up and
then for gumbo okay well that was
appreciated okay so basically you have
to do double strips like this no point
in yeah done oh this way come on there
we go
just you and me skate two guys from
Jersey let's parade tonight
oh yeah what's this watch this business
God seems down now no officer
was duh me and Vladimir feeling good
tonight hey your license good in Moscow
Oh dad told me it was okay we take your
test
you dickhead Eric you can't be serious
oh man Bam's gonna be so jealous when he
finds out about this dude stop
destroy you Eric
through hair come on man open this thing
let me out weird come on when I saw him
steal the guards keys I knew he was up
to something stupid I tried to stop him
but he wouldn't listen there are 700,000
dollars in damages you're responsible
for no no absolutely not I mean not me
this kid doesn't even skate for us
anymore get the check from the parents
the kids off the team you are very lucky
our Embassy is freed you too bad your
team has left you hit the rock I'll buy
yourself a good luck finding away home
what a jerk
once again eric has played you this time
is going off the team so now she really
heats up because you've been kicked up a
demon now dark and you we need to get
out of Moscow license is gone everything
shit's just been just go crazy which is
just cool air anything douche and this
you know this screw you over here and
the next part we'll talk but talk to
Vladimir and complete the next chapter
most which finish off Moscow thanks what
you guys